course/structs/README.md, before:

# Table of contents📚
- [What is a struct ❔](#what-is-a-struct)
- [How to create a struct ❔](#how-to-create-a-struct)
- [How to use a struct 🤹](#how-to-use-a-struct)
- [Modifying a struct ✏️](#modifying-a-struct)


# Structs🧱
## What is a struct❔
Structs are a way to group related data together in a data type.
## How to create a struct❔
We know that an user can have a username, and an email.
So we can create a struct to represent this data instead of having two variables.

To create a struct, we use the keyword `struct` and then the name of the struct.
```rust
struct User {
    username: str,
    email: str,
}
```
> ℹ️ structs are declared outside the main function.

> ℹ️ structs names are capitalized.

## How to use a struct🤹
Now that we have a struct we can create an `instance` of it.
Imagine having an user with the username `Bob 🐡` and the email `bobthefish@skwal.net`.
```rust
let bob = User {
    username: "Bob 🐡",
    email: "bobthefish@gmail.com",
};
```
We can access the values of the struct by using the dot operator `struct.field` : 
```rust
println!("Hello, {} ! We sent you an email at {}", bob.username, bob.email);
```
Output:
```
Hello, Bob 🐡 ! We sent you an email at bobthefish@skwal.net
```

## Modifying a struct✏️
By default, like variables, structs are immutable.
So we have to make them mutable by adding the `mut` keyword before the struct name when creating an instance of it.

```rust
let mut bob = User {
    username: "Bob 🐡",
    email: "bobthefish@gmail.com",
};

bob.username = "Bob 2.0 🐠";

println!("New username : {}", bob.username);
```
Output:
```
New username : Bob 2.0 🐠
```


<!--
---

<p align="right"><a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe/learn-rust/tree/main/course/structs">Next Section ⏭️</a></p>
-->

---

<p align="right">Course created by <a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe/" target="_blank">SkwalExe</a> and inspired by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOMJlQ5B-M0&list=PLVvjrrRCBy2JSHf9tGxGKJ-bYAN_uDCUL" target="_blank">Dcode</a></p>

Commit message:

Added new section : tuple structs

course/structs/README.md, after:

# Table of contents📚
- [What is a struct ❔](#what-is-a-struct)
- [How to create a struct ❔](#how-to-create-a-struct)
- [How to use a struct 🤹](#how-to-use-a-struct)
- [Modifying a struct ✏️](#modifying-a-struct)


# Structs🧱
## What is a struct❔
Structs are a way to group related data together in a data type.
## How to create a struct❔
We know that an user can have a username, and an email.
So we can create a struct to represent this data instead of having two variables.

To create a struct, we use the keyword `struct` and then the name of the struct capitalized.
```rust
struct User {
    username: str,
    email: str,
}
```
> ℹ️ structs are declared outside the main function.

> ℹ️ We have to specify the type of the  variables inside the struct.

## How to use a struct🤹
Now that we have a struct we can create an `instance` of it.
Imagine having an user with the username `Bob 🐡` and the email `bobthefish@skwal.net`.
```rust
let bob = User {
    username: "Bob 🐡",
    email: "bobthefish@gmail.com",
};
```
We can access the values of the struct by using the dot operator `struct.field` : 
```rust
println!("Hello, {} ! We sent you an email at {}", bob.username, bob.email);
```
Output:
```
Hello, Bob 🐡 ! We sent you an email at bobthefish@skwal.net
```

## Modifying a struct✏️
By default, like variables, structs are immutable.
So we have to make them mutable by adding the `mut` keyword before the struct name when creating an instance of it.

```rust
let mut bob = User {
    username: "Bob 🐡",
    email: "bobthefish@gmail.com",
};

bob.username = "Bob 2.0 🐠";

println!("New username : {}", bob.username);
```
Output:
```
New username : Bob 2.0 🐠
```



---

<p align="right"><a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe/learn-rust/tree/main/course/tuple-structs">Next Section ⏭️</a></p>


---

<p align="right">Course created by <a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe/" target="_blank">SkwalExe</a> and inspired by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOMJlQ5B-M0&list=PLVvjrrRCBy2JSHf9tGxGKJ-bYAN_uDCUL" target="_blank">Dcode</a></p>
